fix: change the previous English link to Chinese link (#1060)
reactjs/zh-hans.reactjs.org: content/blog/2017-11-28-react-v16.2.0-fragment-support.md

In React, this desugars to a `<React.Fragment/>` element, as in the example from the previous section. (Non-React frameworks that use JSX may compile to something different.)

> Fragment syntax in JSX was inspired by prior art such as the `XMLList() <></>` constructor in [E4X](https://web.archive.org/web/20201019115828/https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Archive/Web/E4X/E4X_for_templating). Using a pair of empty tags is meant to represent the idea it won't add an actual element to the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fragment syntax in JSX was inspired by prior art such as the `XMLList() <></>` constructor in [E4X](https://web.archive.org/web/20201019115828/https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Archive/Web/E4X/E4X_for_templating). Using a pair of empty tags is meant to represent the idea it won't add an actual element to the DOM.
```
